well the Israeli military has
intercepted some Rockets fired from Gaza
video released by social media by local
media I'm sorry it shows several
missiles Landing in the city of netivot
that's in southern Israel well let's
bring in our correspondent Stephanie
deer she joins me now from occupied East
Jerusalem Steph should we read this as a
bit of a show of strength from armed
groups who are fighting in
Gaza I think you can say that it's 102
days into this war with a Relentless
bombing campaign air and ground
offensive and 102 days in you have what
is a very rare uh immense rocket barrage
fired just from south of jabala towards
netivot uh you probably saw those images
you can see the amount of rockets fired
at the same time around 20 we understand
were intercepted by the Iron Dome but
there were believed to be more fired up
to 50 because the Iron Dome really only
intercepts those that pose a threat to
inhabited area one of the Rockets landed
on a building on a business it was empty
there's no injuries but I think yes it
is I suppose surprising if you will if
you look at the numbers where they say
that 85% of the Gaza Strip um that's the
iron doome interceptions that you can
see now um you know 85% of the Gaza
Strip has been destroyed that Hamas
retains uh military capabilities and I
think this is in line then if you if you
listen to the Israeli leadership both
political and Military that they say
that uh they haven't managed to
completely uh get to their aim which is
to eradicate Hamas militarily and also
its political leadership that is a whole
other challenge certainly we know that
they keep talking about yya sinad the
leader who was believed by the Israelis
to remain in Gaza in a tunnel network uh
but yes I think looking at those
pictures the fact that they can launch
20 to 50 Rockets so long into this war
still shows you that they still retain
military capabilities Stephanie deer
there were the latest for us from
occupied East Jerusalem thank you Steph